Mork calling Orson Mork calling Orson
come in orson just kidding it listen I
know it's been a while since we last
talked nice going good I got a different
roommate we have opposing views on some
things but we have a lot in common I
think it's gonna work out Jesus We Need
to Talk can this wait mohammed i'm
chatting with my father no can't wait
well imma need to talk now very well
then what is it where Mohammed's bedroom
has window facing opposite direction of
Mecca but Muhammad couldn't help but
notice your bedroom as window facing
Mecca and and 400 pray five times a day
facing Mecca Muhammad a bedroom with
window facing Mecca Allah would receive
Muhammad's prayers much more quickly so
I take it you want to trade bedrooms
with me that is correct well I'm sorry
Mohammad I'd love to help after all
helping people is what I do but it would
just be too much of a hassle hassle how
so well I I'd have to move all my rose
and my sandals and all my collectibles
goodnight the most yes for instance I
don't every issue of playboy ever
published wanna go check out this
playboy yeah but this is what exactly is
it boy boys oh boy
mm-hmm oh mama de very conflicted
Ramadan Shariff he should we add these
women or Mohammed should look no more
well I also have the largest collection
of Slayer and electric Hellfire Club
bootlegs on the planet ah and the
electric Hellfire Club is anti-theft
device to keep infidel out of automobile
yes isn't hella beloved it's a bad and a
rocking bed at that rocking band is that
like a rocking horse no no oh speaking
of rocking horse Mohammed remember
making rocking horses wedding present
for little Aisha such a belief a little
child and what this is later Mohammed
like the sound of that it's not a slayer
Mohammad its Slayer like this Slayer
Slayer Slayer and unforeseen future
nestled somewhere in time unsuspecting
victims no warnings no sauce later
Judgment Day the Second Coming arrives
before you see the light you must die ya
muhammad think we're getting off topic
here fact of the matter is we need to
trade rooms immediately not so fast
muhammad i have a lot of stuff in this
room and it would be a real hassle they
have to move at all oh it has to look
moving it's what you worried about
Mohammed will help starting right now oh
whoa whoa big guy it's not just moving
my stuff I'm really attached to this
room Oh sensitive g
just touch to zoom look Jesus this isn't
about Muhammad's personal preference
this is about Muhammad personal
relationship with his God you you can
pray anywhere like matters anyway since
your God is big my God's not fake your
God's fake your God's fit your God's
fake oh yeah yeah yo gods hey you're
God's fish tastes great less filling
tomato tomahto potato Matata let's call
the whole thing off your God's face your
God's will Jesus and Muhammad figure out
whose God is fake are both of their gods
fake are both of their gods real will
someone be beheaded will someone be
converted will the odd couple be over
before it really gets started tune in
next time to find out